applications: Matter Bridge: added BLE environmental sensor support (#12074)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/README.rst

     The argument is mandatory and accepts the following values:

      * ``256`` - On/Off Light.

>       * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a composition of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).

Author: This is a magic number just to distinguish the scenario where we have 1 BLE device - 2 Matter devices relation.
Yes, I think we should do something like that. But for that we would need to first recognize the BLE device by discovering its characteristics, or do you mean something else?

>       * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a composition of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).

Reviewer: Yes, we would need to first do the GATT discovery.

>       * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a composition of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be moved below into the `Adding a Bluetooth LE bridged device to the Matter bridge` section?

Author: And why would that be? This is a list of device types supported by the `add` command.

Reviewer 2: But we have another section regarding BLE devices with its examples below and the Environmental Sensor is a BLE device, isn't it? Or, if it is supported as BLE and simulated device I think it should be mentioned in both sections.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/assets/98917584/3f689603-b92b-42fd-b69f-2aea1c8e16da)

Author: Ahh ok, now I got you. Will fix it.

>       * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a composition of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).

Author: Ok, so for now I will rename BridgedDevice -> MatterBridgedDevice.

     The argument is mandatory and accepts the following values:

     * ``256`` - On/Off Light.

>      * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a composition of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     * ``291`` - Environmental Sensor (a combination of Temperature Sensor and Humidity Sensor).
```

      .. group-tab:: Testing with Bluetooth LE bridged devices

>          a. Build and program the one of the following Bluetooth LE sample to an additional development kit compatible with the sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         a. Build and program the one of the following Bluetooth LE samples to an additional development kit compatible with the sample:
```

>             * :ref:`peripheral_lbs`
>             * :ref:`peripheral_esp`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

            * :ref:`peripheral_lbs`
            * :ref:`peripheral_esp`

```
Need empty lines both before and after indented lists.

               I: Adding OnOff Light bridged device
               I: Added device to dynamic endpoint 3 (index=0)

>             Note that in the case of Environmental Sensor, two endpoints are created: the first one implements the Temperature Sensor, and the second one implements Humidity Sensor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            For the Environmental Sensor, two endpoints are created: one implements the Temperature Sensor, and the other implements the Humidity Sensor.
```
I think this reads a bit better. Unless the order of the endpoints is very important, in which case it should "the first one" and "the second" instead of "one" and "the other", respectively.

Author: I agree, the order here is not important.

               ./chip-tool onoff read on-off *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_device_endpoint_ID>*

            In case of the Environmental Sensor, the current temperature and humidity measurements forwarded by the Bluetooth LE Environmental Sensor can be read as follows:

>               * temperature:
> 
>             .. parsed-literal::
>                :class: highlight
> 
>                ./chip-tool temperaturemeasurement read measured-value *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_device_endpoint_ID>*
> 
>               * humidity:
> 
>             .. parsed-literal::
>                :class: highlight
> 
>                ./chip-tool relativehumiditymeasurement read measured-value *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_device_endpoint_ID>*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

              * temperature:

                .. parsed-literal::
                   :class: highlight

                   ./chip-tool temperaturemeasurement read measured-value *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_device_endpoint_ID>*

              * humidity:

                .. parsed-literal::
                   :class: highlight

                    ./chip-tool relativehumiditymeasurement read measured-value *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_device_endpoint_ID>*
```
Empty line before the first bullet, and correct indentation for the parsed-literal entries.
